---
title: 'Monday, October 14, 2024'
date: 2024-10-14 05:24:27
categories: ["Journal"]
tags: ["journal"]
slug: today
summary: 
weather: Overcast 44.1 | Low 42.4, High 51.4
cover: 
  image: /img/2024/10/20241014-Roll-180_21_2048.jpg
  caption: Grandson's 1st birthday party. Leica MP
  relative: false
---



I often analyze tools before I actually need them. That's silly, and a waste of energy. It leads to a <mark>pile of software that I don't need</mark>, but also a bunch of opinions about them that aren't really valid.

----

It would be nice if I could hold a thought for more than 30 seconds. <mark>My brain is so scattered</mark> and unpredictable that it makes it difficult to get anything done. So far this morning I must've opened every app, note, and website that I know of. I don't know what I'm hoping to find, but so far I've failed and wasted way too much time.

Here's an example. I was about to write something about watching [The Substance](https://letterboxd.com/jackbaty/film/the-substance/) last night, so I went to Letterboxd to grab a link to my review. By the time I switched back to this document, I'd forgotten what I was going to write. Not a clue, so I wrote this instead.

----

I'm trying that thing again where I <mark>mark a region of text</mark> in each entry. The idea is to emphasize the important bits so that it's easier to scan the page. I'm not convinced it helps, which is why I waffle about it.

----

While I was unloading the party supplies at the rental place, a woman came out and said, "I just wanted to meet the <mark>guy with the cool name</mark>." I asked her what she thought was cool about it. She stood straight, lowered her voice, and said, "Jack Baty! It just sounds cool. It sounds like you're either a cool fisherman who lives by himself on an island, or a movie star." I thanked her and left without telling her which one I am.

----

I'm all for people ragging on DHH, because DHH has revealed himself to be kind of an awful person. Didn't anyone ever tell Matt that one should never [wrestle with a pig](https://ma.tt/2024/10/on-dhh/)?

----


